*9/14/18* I finally got the customizable player names to work - the key was copying things into temporary arrays of the correct size; creating a playerNameCharsTyped counter variable was very helpful. 

*9/14/18:* Approaching feature-complete... P1 and P2 can customize their player colors and tokens (still not names, though). Then, they can toss a coin to decide which player goes first. Then they can mark squares on a tic tac toe board alternately, and if one player wins outright via rows or columns, the game will assign the player a win (wins are tracked on the scoreboard), clear the board, and start a new game (the play order will continue from the previous game). Major missing items now are the ability to add a player name, a customization/options screen (both for game rules and visuals), tracking for diagonal wins and tie games, and music for the rest of the game besides the main menu - as well as a ton of refactoring.

*9/13/18:* This is coming along nicely. The main menu works well, the player selection screen is making good progress, the game board draws properly and players can place their X/O tokens on the board. Still need to make the player name input work (that has been a really tricky part for me), add the "coin toss" to determine who goes first, and add end-game logic (detect and respond when a player has won or when the game is a draw).

*9/7/18:* The version-zero-point-one branch was my wishful thinking that I could recover some of the work I failed to save the other night, but there isn't much to it, so I won't be using it. But it's a good refresher on how branches work, I've never really needed to use them before.
